{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red87\green87\blue87;\red237\green239\blue241;\red77\green77\blue77;
\red52\green52\blue52;\red14\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 ReadMe.rtf\
\
BodyScanner Library\
\
The Body Scanner Library 
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 displays a human body with a scanner that highlights and identifies major organs. It also describes how these parts of the body react under duress and stress.\
\
The code is contained in the BodyScanner Xcode project.  The code located here is intended to be used in 2 basic ways:\
	- Traditional iOS Library:  libBodyScanner.a, etc.\
	- Source Code manually included into another project\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \ul \ulc4 Traditional iOS Library\
\ulnone The Xcode project builds the following targets that should be included in the project that wants to use the BodyScanner:\
	- libBodyScanner.a\
	- ViewControllerBodyScanner.h\
	- BodyScannerResources.bundle\
\
(Note: This approach currently is only compiled for an iOS device.  If the developer wants to run this code on the simulator, the approach described below must be used.)\
\
\ul Source Code Manually Included into another project\
\ulnone The developer can also manually include all of the source code and assets from the BodyScanner Project.  This will allow them more freedom in modifying the Body Scanner code.  The access to the assets may need to be recorded if the assets aren't included in the BodyScannerResources.bundle.  (Note: This approach will need to be used if the developer wants to run the code on the simulator.)\
\
\
\ul Documentation
\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \ulnone \
The documentation for this code is consists of HTML files formatted similar to Apple's own iOS code documentation.  It makes use of the AppleDoc documentation tool.  This relies on appropriate comments being embedded into the source code.  Instructions for generating the documentation are located below.  (Instructions for installing and using AppleDoc are left to the reader since these might change over time.)\
\
// AppleDoc command for: Project BodyScanner\
//\
// Instructions: (first install AppleDoc\'85not described here)\
//\
// - Open a Terminal Session\
// - Navigate to the Body Scanner directory\
// - Cut-n-paste and execute the command shown below\
// \
// The documentation will be created in a Help directory in this project\
\
\cf5 \cb3 appledoc --project-name BodyScanner --project-company "T2 Library" --company-id com.T2 --output ./help
\f2\fs24 \cb1  -
\fs28 -logformat xcode  --keep-intermediate-files --ignore "*.m" --ignore "ViewBodyPartInfoController.h" 
\fs24 .\cf6 \
\
}